README.md, before:

[![Wizdwarfs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wizdwarfs-designed%20by-green)](https://wizdwarfs-365b9.web.app/)

 
 # About Project

         The Wizdwarfs project is an remarkable repository. In this project we are build open source health care platform. Billions of life-saving drugs are available in a market. But different life-saving drugs have different impact over your body. This platform minimized or neutralized the effect over the body. This software is helpful in various conditions i.e internal body scanning, alien-code detection, proteins and rna scanning, uv-indexing, dieting and workout. These subprogram and other services are release in future. 

## Installation & Configuration on your laptop and cloud 
 
      ### Development
            Before running wizdwarfs locally fork the [![:alien:](ali2210/WizDwarfs)]
               a .Docker local build image
                     1. Without detach image
                        cmd : $ docker run --hostname=wizdwarfs -p 127.0.0.1:5000:5000 -v app:/app/app_data -it ali2210/wiz-dwarfs
                     2. Browser Testing
                        Open Browser, 
                        press ctrl+ T,
                        type localhost:5000/ or 127.0.0.1:5000/
      ### Production
               1. Provision Configuration for Linux
               $  curl #[link]  or IPFS #[image]
                     $ docker network wizdwarfs
                     $ docker compose up
               2. Mac/Windows 
                  curl #[link] or IPFS #[image]
                  $ docker network wizdwarfs
                  $ docker compose up -d 
               3. Cloud
                     In Future, user will run application on public & private cloud.
## Alien-Code:

      1. Covid-19
      2. Zika
      3. Flavi Dengue
      4. Ebola
      5. Merrs
       
## Features: 

      1. Alien-code Detection. 
      2. Get Geonavigation 1x improved.   
      3. Uv-index generate through geonavigation 1x improved.
      4. Genetic Sequence File upload. 
      5. Encrypted-Files mount on disk.
      6. Molecules Report generate in JSON.
      7. Content store in decentralize web. Means Within Application your content is accessible.
      8. Proteins Visualization through readable charts.
      9.  Calculate trace portion of alien code 2x faster.
      10. Three pair codons information renderer on the user request
      11. If any missing codon or mutate wrong what will happen at celluar level. 
      12. For Schema, Protocol Buffer is 2x faster than yml and Json
      13. Pusher Channels is used between client and server that will reduce network latency
      

## Badges:   
[![Docker](https://github.com/ali2210/WizDwarf/actions/workflows/docker-publish.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ali2210/WizDwarf/actions/workflows/docker-publish.yml)

[![Go](https://github.com/ali2210/WizDwarf/actions/workflows/go.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ali2210/WizDwarf/actions/workflows/go.yml)         

[![OSSAR](https://github.com/ali2210/WizDwarf/actions/workflows/ossar-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ali2210/WizDwarf/actions/workflows/ossar-analysis.yml)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/4fa84cf43d69415aa8cb51cad7b73a4f)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/ali2210/WizDwarf/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=ali2210/WizDwarf&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/ali2210/WizDwarf/test_coverage"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/b1a8e6c05b3ec74b3074/test_coverage" /></a>

<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/ali2210/WizDwarf/maintainability"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/b1a8e6c05b3ec74b3074/maintainability" /></a>

 [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/ali2210/WizDwarf/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/ali2210/WizDwarf/tree/master)

<!-- ## Support and Contribute -->

            
<!--  [![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/T6T25CVYQ)
   
      ### Opencollective 
   
 <object type="image/svg+xml" data="https://opencollective.com/wizdwarfs/tiers/love-and-support.svg?avatarHeight=36&width=600">
      
   
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/wizdwarfs/contribute/love-and-support-29623"> <img src="https://opencollective.com/wizdwarfs/tiers/love-and-support.svg?avatarHeight=36"/></a>
   
 <a href='https://opencollective.com/wizdwarfs/contribute/love-and-support-29623' target='blank'><img alt="open collective badge" src="https://opencollective.com/wizdwarfs/tiers/love-and-support/badge.svg?label=Love%26Support&color=brightgreen" /></a> -->
   
## API

   ### [GET]
        
       "/home"               Home Page
	      "/signup"            Signup User
	      "/login"             Login User
	      "/dashboard"         User Dashboard
       "/dashboard/profile" User Profile
       "/logout"            Logout the user account 
       "/phenylalanine"     Phenylalanine protein
       "/leucine"           Leucine protein
       "/isoleucine"        Isoleucine protein
       "/methionine"        Methionine protein
       "/valine"            Valine protein
       "/serine"            Serine protein
       "/proline"           Proline protein
       "/threonine"         Threonine protein
       "/alanine"           Alanine protein
       "/tyrosine"          Tyrosine protein
       "/histidine"         Histidine protein
       "/glutamine"         Glutamine protein
       "/asparagine"        Asparagine protein
       "/lysine"            Lysine protein
       "/aspartic"          Aspartic protein
       "/glutamic"          Glutamic protein
       "/cysteine"          Cysteine protein
       "/tryptophan"        Tryptophan protein
       "/arginine"          Arginine protein
       "/glycine"           Glycine protein
       "/stop"              Stop Codon
    
   ### [POST]
       
       "/home"                HOME Page
	      "/signup"              Signup user
	      "/login"               Login User
	      "/dashboard"           User Dashboard
       "/dashboard/profile"   User Profile
       "/logout"              Logout the user account
       
       
## Discusion
     
     ### Slack
            
            https://app.slack.com/client/T02AQ62EHHR/C02ALUWQ4LV/93ae0ff54319133c57487e772c8e0f1045690945

<object><a href='https://app.element.io/#/room/!XdCqKpBpqSSgLLcNPI:matrix.org' target='blank'>Element</a></object>            
<a href='https://www.reddit.com/r/wizdwarfs/a'> wizdwarfs_reddit
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/wizdwarfs/futuristic-tech-dev.svg)](https://gitter.im/wizdwarfs/futuristic-tech-dev?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)


 [![GitNFT](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%94%AE-Open%20in%20GitNFT-darkviolet?style=social)](https://gitnft.quine.sh/app/commits/list/repo/WizDwarf)

 
## BitTransaction
                  1NKwtLpNmhyyYCPxTYZXuqNbAxmouB7RkB

Commit message:

docker module improved, add terraform which improve software infrastructure provision and treasure webpage improved

README.md, after:

[![Wizdwarfs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wizdwarfs-designed%20by-green)](https://wizdwarfs-365b9.web.app/)

 
 # About Project

         The Wizdwarfs project is an remarkable repository. In this project we are build open source health care platform. Billions of life-saving drugs are available in a market. But different life-saving drugs have different impact over your body. This platform minimized or neutralized the effect over the body. This software is helpful in various conditions i.e internal body scanning, alien-code detection, proteins and rna scanning, uv-indexing, dieting and workout. These subprogram and other services are release in future. 

## Installation & Configuration on your laptop and cloud 
 
      ### Development
            Before running wizdwarfs locally fork the [![:alien:](ali2210/WizDwarfs)]
               a .Docker local build image
                     1. Without detach image
                        cmd : $ docker run --hostname=wizdwarfs -p 127.0.0.1:5000:5000 -v app:/app/app_data -it ali2210/wiz-dwarfs
                     2. Browser Testing
                        Open Browser, 
                        press ctrl+ T,
                        type localhost:5000/ or 127.0.0.1:5000/
      ### Production
               1. Provision Configuration for Linux
               $  [ipfs] https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmdNSzEMRevaThbo9K4a9YhdrVM2PTqcQSCBnR4jLJFGYH?filename=docker-compose.yml
                     $ docker compose up
               2. Mac/Windows 
                  curl #[link] or [ipfs] https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmdNSzEMRevaThbo9K4a9YhdrVM2PTqcQSCBnR4jLJFGYH?filename=docker-compose.yml
                  $ docker compose up -d 
               3. Cloud
                     In Future, user will run application on public & private cloud.
## Alien-Code:

      1. Covid-19
      2. Zika
      3. Flavi Dengue
      4. Ebola
      5. Merrs
       
## Features: 

      1. Alien-code Detection. 
      2. Get Geonavigation 1x improved.   
      3. Uv-index generate through geonavigation 1x improved.
      4. Genetic Sequence File upload. 
      5. Encrypted-Files mount on disk.
      6. Molecules Report generate in JSON.
      7. Content store in decentralize web. Means Within Application your content is accessible.
      8. Proteins Visualization through readable charts.
      9.  Calculate trace portion of alien code 2x faster.
      10. Three pair codons information renderer on the user request
      11. If any missing codon or mutate wrong what will happen at celluar level. 
      12. For Schema, Protocol Buffer is 2x faster than yml and Json
      13. Pusher Channels is used between client and server that will reduce network latency
      14. This code is "IAC" which means all the data managed by the software

## Badges:   
[![Docker](https://github.com/ali2210/WizDwarf/actions/workflows/docker-publish.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ali2210/WizDwarf/actions/workflows/docker-publish.yml)

[![Go](https://github.com/ali2210/WizDwarf/actions/workflows/go.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ali2210/WizDwarf/actions/workflows/go.yml)         

[![OSSAR](https://github.com/ali2210/WizDwarf/actions/workflows/ossar-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ali2210/WizDwarf/actions/workflows/ossar-analysis.yml)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/4fa84cf43d69415aa8cb51cad7b73a4f)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/ali2210/WizDwarf/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=ali2210/WizDwarf&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/ali2210/WizDwarf/test_coverage"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/b1a8e6c05b3ec74b3074/test_coverage" /></a>

<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/ali2210/WizDwarf/maintainability"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/b1a8e6c05b3ec74b3074/maintainability" /></a>

 [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/ali2210/WizDwarf/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/ali2210/WizDwarf/tree/master)

<!-- ## Support and Contribute -->

            
<!--  [![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/T6T25CVYQ)
   
      ### Opencollective 
   
 <object type="image/svg+xml" data="https://opencollective.com/wizdwarfs/tiers/love-and-support.svg?avatarHeight=36&width=600">
      
   
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/wizdwarfs/contribute/love-and-support-29623"> <img src="https://opencollective.com/wizdwarfs/tiers/love-and-support.svg?avatarHeight=36"/></a>
   
 <a href='https://opencollective.com/wizdwarfs/contribute/love-and-support-29623' target='blank'><img alt="open collective badge" src="https://opencollective.com/wizdwarfs/tiers/love-and-support/badge.svg?label=Love%26Support&color=brightgreen" /></a> -->
   
## API

   ### [GET]
        
       "/home"               Home Page
	      "/signup"            Signup User
	      "/login"             Login User
	      "/dashboard"         User Dashboard
       "/dashboard/profile" User Profile
       "/logout"            Logout the user account 
       "/phenylalanine"     Phenylalanine protein
       "/leucine"           Leucine protein
       "/isoleucine"        Isoleucine protein
       "/methionine"        Methionine protein
       "/valine"            Valine protein
       "/serine"            Serine protein
       "/proline"           Proline protein
       "/threonine"         Threonine protein
       "/alanine"           Alanine protein
       "/tyrosine"          Tyrosine protein
       "/histidine"         Histidine protein
       "/glutamine"         Glutamine protein
       "/asparagine"        Asparagine protein
       "/lysine"            Lysine protein
       "/aspartic"          Aspartic protein
       "/glutamic"          Glutamic protein
       "/cysteine"          Cysteine protein
       "/tryptophan"        Tryptophan protein
       "/arginine"          Arginine protein
       "/glycine"           Glycine protein
       "/stop"              Stop Codon
    
   ### [POST]
       
       "/home"                HOME Page
	      "/signup"              Signup user
	      "/login"               Login User
	      "/dashboard"           User Dashboard
       "/dashboard/profile"   User Profile
       "/logout"              Logout the user account

  ### [CID]
      QmdNSzEMRevaThbo9K4a9YhdrVM2PTqcQSCBnR4jLJFGYH
       
## Discusion
     
     ### Slack
            
            https://app.slack.com/client/T02AQ62EHHR/C02ALUWQ4LV/93ae0ff54319133c57487e772c8e0f1045690945

<object><a href='https://app.element.io/#/room/!XdCqKpBpqSSgLLcNPI:matrix.org' target='blank'>Element</a></object>            
<a href='https://www.reddit.com/r/wizdwarfs/a'> wizdwarfs_reddit
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/wizdwarfs/futuristic-tech-dev.svg)](https://gitter.im/wizdwarfs/futuristic-tech-dev?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)


 [![GitNFT](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%94%AE-Open%20in%20GitNFT-darkviolet?style=social)](https://gitnft.quine.sh/app/commits/list/repo/WizDwarf)

 
## BitTransaction
                  1NKwtLpNmhyyYCPxTYZXuqNbAxmouB7RkB
